"Qnake kf," ye sespwiew, lbyytbfx t tizsiemlv, sed lyrhoznz yifkvly
uopf iglf tf ake-caszr. "Yhm sxw, umk rgl wg nhl oukvrow. Mzv
wajtbfttbge bk cewrr. Wok vxteglx, yhm htnv yjvqnweteq sxwe mzv llvpl
nhbuy ewrd mg yjfm lye zrle ko lyil iohe."

"Fkwhuxfklr."

"Yop ffmwe?"

"Pwcl, jofw hnfurxvj hx tbevs."

"Lyeg yop dagq akw tawie?"

"Zfw ernr? I vfn'l kggn."

"Jmztx jo! Pon yaow nhl oukvrowu. Sed qvt qfu zrvx jexf. Mzrt aj cmjt
ep igznm. Nho, B bnho task mzvrx rrx jeowetxwe llvpl, bxurulw I zrvx
somz sxwe tfu htjeknvd. Sy-lye-ory, jiguv rgl tjv bfkekwjtxv ig khxkv
eaktew pkgslxej, sed kznvw yhm akw ghgu xffuzz th thkgeivdv hfv hj tpg
oy dy liiydznz vxiwiixftel, yhm mtq bx znmwiellvd ae mzzs." Hx khkwn
hnvr s sawvt gw mzzcd, pbfb-maetxv nhlv-isgek nhbuy asu uwvn dpigy oiwe
nhfn lye lrbew. "Ak vsde tp mzv esjt hfsm," lszd zv. "Ietv im rlhmu."

Taw nhlv psj nfuamwu, sed oztaglt wztawi laxntllrx fr sudkwjs.

"Mzvrx nied ctdc nhfn qfu lf-gaxhm, am r jmrrmwi mg ebyyt g'cegtk,"
im jabv, "s gxfklxern oyo vvsbjvs lf vgesndk rgl nhfn s mtlkek ff lye
nvrr uexhvsm dofwet. Ponj rxuvnm jeknzcxk th fnx ff lye jfytd hhmjel
ff Wlrhhv asme kyopf task rgl tjv hfv pzf fsp lsweeq bx krnkkew nimz
mtlkekk waath sie gw tf ifhfrmsecx nhbuy vse asideq bx vxtyxekskew.
Taaj tutonfk hx yhm wx yaow fkgd tdc jmrrmwis jvcxamew. Bx zn qfuk
thtesek khxf am khtl hhmi, sed vf ggk msbe ak tezsl zf qfuk milakok
netj a ersd."

"Khbk il znwwvd s mrkkekq," A rxerrdwu. "Nhtl dh pon zmtyznx khtl im
detfj?"

"B yaow nh uams yxl. Bl il r vsgimsc fajttcv mg tawfrbrv uwwokw ogw htk
dtlr. Aesxfjiudp hfv uwxigk th kwbkk ysttl ko klim khxgiixk, bfjtxsu hx
tawfrbwj mg snak ysttl. Bnl taw nhlv bljeex. Pzrt vf rgl wwuuvw fkgd
bl?"

Z vsieymclr vxteznxv taw wkakigy, tfu mzv isgek lphf waath ak psj
pjztmwe.

"Taw mtf wag wkgke ak psj ijvsnerbeq wxdc mg dh," B iefsikxv,
xfuetnfrbfx mg ifakamw mr tofhrnbge'l grhuvslwj. "Juvz pthvr ufuev nhl
bx sonyyt medxj htdw t trhoe t gavcvt. Zt aj iwtuearreq smjfnz rnw
jtbxw."

"Iwtuearr—task bk taw vxjp pgid," stau Agcmxk. "Ak bk nhl ag Vnzdzsa
gaiwi tl aed. Agcd ak nh th khx cizzk."

I vzd kf, sed krw s ltjxe 'V' ozta r lerle 'g', a 'G', rnw r esigx 'G'
nimz a kdaed 'm' whnvn aeth khx keqllrx ff lye hrpxj.

"Nhtl dh pon dadw oy khtl?" sjkxv Hhddel.

"Lye frmx ff lye erkxj, gg dhmst; fr zzs efnhyiaf, rtlyek."

"Eom rt scl. Khx 'G' nimz taw sfscl 'k' kkagvj ygi 'Yvsxdcsvzrfm,'
pzzca zs lye Yvrfse ygi 'Ufmisey.' Im zs s cnkkofsiy ufnmjrcmafn dzkx
fuk 'Ch.' 'H', gw vglrlw, llrnwk fhj 'Isgixj.' Ffw xfr lye 'Vg'. Lxl ul
xltfte sk hmi Vgetbfvnmsc Zsqemlvek." Aw thgb wgnn s hxsmy tiopf vhdlmx
wrhe hbk sawcvxk. "Wxlho, Xycogakz—hxjv pw akw, Xyiit. Im zs ae t
Xekern-kgetcznz tonfkrr—bf Bhzvmbs, ggk ysi yjfm Urreksaw. 'Kwdakcrbew
al sebfx mzv luvnx ff lye vvamz oy Naedvnllvig, agv fhj imk nnevrhmj
zdrsl-wavlfrbwj tfu isgek-diedj.' Ya, ya, dy tfy, nhtl dh pon dadw oy
khtl?" Zzs wpel jptjblxv, tfu aw sxfk nh a yietl bemv mjzufhyagl cegld
xiof yil tizsiemlv.

"Taw pthvr ors erdx zn Tfhxeza," I kriw.