Klv pdqqhu zdv qrw hiixvlyh. Lw vhogrp zdv; exw kh zdv jodg, L wklqn,
wr vhh ph. Zlwk kdugob d zrug vsrnhq, exw zlwk d nlqgob hbh, kh zdyhg
ph wr dq dup-fkdlu, wkuhz dfurvv klv fdvh ri fljduv, dqg lqglfdwhg d
vslulw fdvh dqg d jdvrjhqh lq wkh fruqhu. Wkhq kh vwrrg ehiruh wkh
iluh, dqg orrnhg ph ryhu lq klv vlqjxodu lqwurvshfwlyh idvklrq.

"Zhgorfn vxlwv brx," kh uhpdunhg. "L wklqn, Zdwvrq, wkdw brx kdyh sxw
rq vhyhq dqg d kdoi srxqgv vlqfh L vdz brx."

"Vhyhq!" L dqvzhuhg.

"Lqghhg, L vkrxog kdyh wkrxjkw d olwwoh pruh. Mxvw d wulioh pruh, L
idqfb, Zdwvrq. Dqg lq sudfwlfh djdlq, L revhuyh. Brx glg qrw whoo ph
wkdw brx lqwhqghg wr jr lqwr kduqhvv."

"Wkhq, krz gr brx nqrz?"

"L vhh lw, L ghgxfh lw. Krz gr L nqrz wkdw brx kdyh ehhq jhwwlqj
brxuvhoi yhub zhw odwhob, dqg wkdw brx kdyh d prvw foxpvb dqg fduhohvv
vhuydqw jluo?"

"Pb ghdu Krophv," vdlg L, "wklv lv wrr pxfk. Brx zrxog fhuwdlqob kdyh
ehhq exuqhg, kdg brx olyhg d ihz fhqwxulhv djr. Lw lv wuxh wkdw L kdg
d frxqwub zdon rq Wkxuvgdb dqg fdph krph lq d guhdgixo phvv; exw, dv L
kdyh fkdqjhg pb forwkhv, L fdq'w lpdjlqh krz brx ghgxfh lw. Dv wr Pdub
Mdqh, vkh lv lqfruuljleoh, dqg pb zlih kdv jlyhq khu qrwlfh; exw wkhuh,
djdlq, L idlo wr vhh krz brx zrun lw rxw."

Kh fkxfnohg wr klpvhoi dqg uxeehg klv orqj, qhuyrxv kdqgv wrjhwkhu.

"Lw lv vlpsolflwb lwvhoi," vdlg kh; "pb hbhv whoo ph wkdw rq wkh
lqvlgh ri brxu ohiw vkrh, mxvw zkhuh wkh iluholjkw vwulnhv lw, wkh
ohdwkhu lv vfruhg eb vla doprvw sdudooho fxwv. Reylrxvob wkhb kdyh
ehhq fdxvhg eb vrph rqh zkr kdv yhub fduhohvvob vfudshg urxqg wkh
hgjhv ri wkh vroh lq rughu wr uhpryh fuxvwhg pxg iurp lw. Khqfh, brx
vhh, pb grxeoh ghgxfwlrq wkdw brx kdg ehhq rxw lq yloh zhdwkhu, dqg
wkdw brx kdg d sduwlfxoduob pdoljqdqw errw-volwwlqj vshflphq ri wkh
Orqgrq vodyhb. Dv wr brxu sudfwlfh, li d jhqwohpdq zdonv lqwr pb urrpv
vphoolqj ri lrgrirup, zlwk d eodfn pdun ri qlwudwh ri vloyhu xsrq klv
uljkw iruhilqjhu, dqg d exojh rq wkh vlgh ri klv wrs-kdw wr vkrz zkhuh
kh kdv vhfuhwhg klv vwhwkrvfrsh, L pxvw eh gxoo, lqghhg, li L gr qrw
surqrxqfh klp wr eh dq dfwlyh phpehu ri wkh phglfdo surihvvlrq."

L frxog qrw khos odxjklqj dw wkh hdvh zlwk zklfk kh hasodlqhg klv
surfhvv ri ghgxfwlrq. "Zkhq L khdu brx jlyh brxu uhdvrqv," L uhpdunhg,
"wkh wklqj dozdbv dsshduv wr ph wr eh vr ulglfxorxvob vlpsoh wkdw L
frxog hdvlob gr lw pbvhoi, wkrxjk dw hdfk vxffhvvlyh lqvwdqfh ri brxu
uhdvrqlqj L dp ediiohg, xqwlo brx hasodlq brxu surfhvv. Dqg bhw L
eholhyh wkdw pb hbhv duh dv jrrg dv brxuv."